
theaetherforce@gmail.com
AETHERFORCE

    Forums
    Mission
    Log In
    Register
    Library

The Energy Vampire Exposed

“- There are some human beings who are like vampires. What are they and why are they like that?

They are not human; there is only a human form or appearance. They are incarnations of beings from the world that is just next to the physical, beings who live on the plane which we call the vital world. It is a world of all the desires and impulses and passions and of movements of violence and greed and cunning and every kind of ignorance; but all the dynamisms too are there, all the life-energies and all the powers. The beings of this world have by their nature a strange grip over the material world and can exercise upon it a sinister influence.

Some of them are formed out of the remains of the human being that persist after death in the vital atmosphere near to the earth-plane. His desires and hungers still float there and remain in form even after the dissolution of the body; often they are moved to go on manifesting and satisfying themselves and the birth of these creatures of the vital world is the consequence. But these are minor beings and, if they can be very troublesome, it is yet not impossible to deal with them.

There are others, far more dangerous, who have never been in human form; never were they born into a human body upon earth, for most often they refuse to accept this way of birth because it is slavery to matter and they prefer to remain in their own world, powerful and mischievous, and to control earthly beings from there. For, if they do not want to be born on earth, they do want to be in contact with the physical nature, but without being bound by it.

Their method is to try first to cast their influence upon a man; then they enter slowly into his atmosphere and in the end may get complete possession of him, driving out entirely the real human soul and personality. These creatures, when in possession of an earthly body, may have the human appearance but they have not a human nature. Their habit is to draw upon the life-force of human beings; they attack and capture vital power wherever they can and feed upon it. If they come into your atmosphere, you suddenly feel depressed and exhausted; if you are near them for some time you fall sick; if you live with one of them, it may kill you.

    But how is one to get such creatures out of one’s environment when they are once there?

The vital power incarnated in these beings is of a very material kind and it is effective only within a short distance. Ordinarily, if you do not live in the same house or if you are not in the same company with them, you do not come within their influence. But if you open some channel of connection or communication, through letters, for example, then you make possible an interchange of forces and are liable to be influenced by them even from a far distance.

The wisest way with these beings is to cut off all connection and have nothing to do with them – unless indeed you have great occult knowledge and power and have learned how to cover and protect yourself – but even then it is always a dangerous thing to move about with them. To hope to transform them, as some people do, is a vain illusion; for they do not want to be transformed. They have no intention of allowing any transformation and all effort in that direction is useless.

These beings, when in the human body, are not often conscious of what they really are. Sometimes they have a vague feeling that they are not quite human in the ordinary way. But still there are cases where they are conscious and very conscious; not only do they know that they do not belong to humanity but they know what they are, act in that knowledge and deliberately pursue their ends. The beings of the vital world are powerful by their very nature; when to their power they add knowledge, they become doubly dangerous.

There is nothing to be done with these creatures; you should avoid having any dealings with them unless you have the power to crush and destroy them. If you are forced into contact with them, beware of the spell they can cast. These vital beings, when they manifest on the physical plane, have always a great hypnotic power; for the centre of their consciousness is in the vital world and not in the material and they are not veiled and dwarfed by the material consciousness as human beings are. “

    from ‘The Hidden Forces of Life – Selections from the works of Sri Aurobindo and the Mother’

Related:

    Organic Portals – Soulless Humans
    http://veilofreality.com/…/18/organic-portals-soulless-hum…/

    Spiritless Humans
    http://montalk.net/matrix/157/spiritless-humans

    Hyperdimensional Manipulation and Anchoring of a Higher Frequency
    http://wakeup-world.com/…/hyperdimensional-manipulation-an…/

    Spirit Possession Syndrome
    https://www.facebook.com/notes/bernhard-guenther/spirit-possession-syndrome-by-dr-william-baldwin/10151280989418908

    The Positive/Negative Realms of Higher Densities
    https://www.facebook.com/notes/bernhard-guenther/the-positivenegative-realms-of-higher-densities-by-michael-topper/10152132867988908

Share this:

    RedditFacebookTwitterGoogleTumblrPinterestLinkedIn

Like this:
Comments

comments
Share This Story, Choose Your Platform!
About the Author: AetherForce Editor
Profile photo of AetherForce Editor
Just a believer not afraid to ask questions.
Related Posts

    Permalink
    Sophia is the Sulphur by A.M.
    Propaganda: Mind Manipulation & Manufacturing Consent
    Permalink
    Gallery
    Propaganda: Mind Manipulation & Manufacturing Consent
    Why and How Homeopathy Works – A Superficial Look at the Human Information System
    Permalink
    Gallery
    Why and How Homeopathy Works – A Superficial Look at the Human Information System
    The Reasons Antigravitation is Possible
    Permalink
    Gallery
    The Reasons Antigravitation is Possible
    CONCH SHELL SYMBOLISM: Expansion and Contraction
    Permalink
    Gallery
    CONCH SHELL SYMBOLISM: Expansion and Contraction

You must log in to post a comment.

    Popular
    Recent

    quant-03
    Electric Car Powered by Salt Water: 920 hp, 373 Miles/Tank
    November 17th, 2014
    url-2
    The Return of Spectro-Chrome: The Most Suppressed Medical Technology Ever
    October 27th, 2013
    Flying_Phoenix
    A Rising Phoenix from the Ashes… VICTORY
    July 22nd, 2013

Tweets by @theaetherforce
Categories

    Aeroponics (1)
    aether (64)
    alchemy (35)
    aliens demons (31)
    archaeology (23)
    archetypes (4)
    architecture (6)
    art (10)
    Astrology (9)
    Audio (1)
    Ayurveda (4)
    biology (26)
    cavitation (2)
    comets (1)
    Consiousness (65)
    Conspiracy Research (5)
    cosmology (43)
    crystals (6)
    education (3)
    egyptology (5)
    electric universe (5)
    Electrical Engineering (22)
    Energy Synthesis (24)
    eschatology (12)
    esp (7)
    Ethics (46)
    Experiments (19)
    fractal (4)
    geometry (33)
    Geopathy (5)
    gnostisism (2)
    gravity (9)
    hangouts (1)
    Healing (48)
    health (4)
    hermetics (16)
    History (21)
    How To (2)
    interviews (8)
    Inventor Diaries (4)
    language (1)
    Letters (10)
    Light (25)
    live events (1)
    magnetism (3)
    math (9)
    music (21)
    natural philosophy (9)
    nature (25)
    News (189)
    numerology (8)
    od (2)
    orgone (4)
    permaculture (7)
    physics (6)
    plasma (2)
    power machines (2)
    products (6)
    pshyics (13)
    psychedelics (2)
    psychology (10)
    pyschopathy (2)
    radio (9)
    Radionics (17)
    remote viewing (5)
    Resources (58)
    Reviews (4)
    ritual (1)
    Science History (39)
    seismic (1)
    shape power (7)
    static electricity (2)
    Suppression (21)
    symbolism sigil magick (5)
    technology (4)
    Tesla (39)
    time (4)
    transhumanism (1)
    truth (1)
    Uncategorized (25)
    vedic (1)
    video (4)
    viral (1)
    vril (3)
    waking up (1)
    water (30)
    weather (1)
    weird (2)
    wisdom (1)
    yoga (2)

Get Social
Meta

    Register
    Log in
    Entries RSS
    Comments RSS
    WordPress.org

Tags
aaron murakami aether aether engineering aetheric science alchemy Ayurveda bees color color healing conductors edison electricity eric dollard ether farnsworth featured geocentric geocosmos geometry gerry vassilatos health hho hydrogen light healing magnetic current magnetism math Nikola Tesla physics plasma rudolph steiner rupert sheldrake Stanley Meyer steinmetz sun tesla tesla meme tetrahedrons thomas joseph Brown tutorials vril wardenclyffe Water for fuel wilhelm reich yoga
Blogroll

    Free Energy News – PESN
    Gregor Arturo – Towers, Rings, & Wands
    http://explorationscience.org/
    Joe Dubs
    Michael Theroux – Aether Mage, Musican and Adept
    Pure Energy Systems (PES) Wiki
    Rayam Azab Youssef
    Share and Sell Files for Bitcoin
    Spectrochrome
    The REAL BorderLands Research by Tom Brown
    Thomas Joseph Brown
    Weight Loss, Bodybuilding and Fitness Health Level Up
    Wild Heretics Cosmology & Fearless Astronomy Study

April 2016 M 	T 	W 	T 	F 	S 	S
« Feb 	  	 
 	1	2	3
4	5	6	7	8	9	10
11	12	13	14	15	16	17
18	19	20	21	22	23	24
25	26	27	28	29	30 	 
Copyright 2012 AetherForce | All Rights Reserved
Skip to toolbar

    About WordPress
    Log in
    Register

    Search

